docs(models): naming convention info (#112)
nextauthjs/docs: docs/adapters/typeorm.md

:::warning Using synchronize in production
`synchronize: true` should not be enabled against production databases as it may cause data loss if the configured schema does not match the expected schema! We recommend that you synchronize/migrate your production database at build-time.
:::

## Naming Conventions

> If mixed snake case and camel case column names is an issue for you and/or your underlying database system, we recommend using TypeORM's naming strategy feature to change the target field names. There is a package called `typeorm-naming-strategies` which includes a `snake_case` strategy which will translate the fields from how NextAuth expects them, to snake case in the actual database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If mixed snake_case and camelCase column names are an issue for you and/or your underlying database system, we recommend using TypeORM's naming strategy feature to change the target field names. There is a package called `typeorm-naming-strategies` which includes a `snake_case` strategy which will translate the fields from how NextAuth.js expects them, to snake case in the actual database.
```

For example, you can add the naming convention option to the connection object in your NextAuth config.

```javascript title="pages/api/auth/[...nextauth].js"
import NextAuth from "next-auth"
import Providers from "next-auth/providers"
import { TypeORMLegacyAdapter } from "@next-auth/typeorm-legacy-adapter"
import { createConnection } from 'typeorm';
import { SnakeNamingStrategy } from 'typeorm-naming-strategies';

> const connection = await createConnection({
>     type: "mysql",
>     host: "localhost",
>     port: 3306,
>     username: "test",
>     password: "test",
>     database: "test",
>     namingStrategy: new SnakeNamingStrategy()
> });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const connection = {
    type: "mysql",
    host: "localhost",
    port: 3306,
    username: "test",
    password: "test",
    database: "test",
    namingStrategy: new SnakeNamingStrategy()
};
```
